Strange, a few days have passed
Why don't you see the figure of Linyi?
The crayfish in the restaurant are no longer for sale
Prime Minister
I heard that this stinky boy in Linyi has gone back to his hometown
Humph
Was this kid devastated by me?
Hey
From a small place
Sure enough, there's nothing.
How can he beat you?
Well, that's right, hahaha.
Uncle Yao, I'm back, brother.
Shopkeeper, you're finally back
Wang Qianju has been running here for the past two days
Ask me where have you been
Can't believe that this bastard still cares about me?
Haha, that's right.
What about starting today?
Our crayfish are sold normally, eh?
But the taste has changed
The sign of our crayfish in the future is thirteen spices